Free and Open, Distributed, RESTful Search Engine
Spring Framework
ZXing ("Zebra Crossing") barcode scanning library for Java, Android
Netty project - an event-driven asynchronous network application framework
阿里云计算平台DataWorks(https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/137663.html) 团队出品，为监控而生的数据库连接池
A fast JSON parser/generator for Java.  
A private messenger for Android.
Mirror of Apache Kafka
Jenkins automation server
Powerful and flexible library for loading, caching and displaying images on Android.
The IK Analysis plugin integrates Lucene IK analyzer into elasticsearch, support customized dictionary.
Arduino IDE 1.x
greenDAO is a light & fast ORM solution for Android that maps objects to SQLite databases.
This project under develop
Redis Java client designed for performance and ease of use.
Paging indicator widgets compatible with the ViewPager from the Android Support Library and ActionBarSherlock.
The Clojure programming language
PocketHub Android App
Apereo CAS - Identity & Single Sign On for all earthlings and beyond.
A barebones WebSocket client and server implementation written in 100% Java.
Distributed and fault-tolerant realtime computation: stream processing, continuous computation, distributed RPC, and more
DEPRECATED
A damn simple library for building production-ready RESTful web services.
:chart_with_upwards_trend: Capturing JVM- and application-level metrics. So you know what's going on.
[DEPRECATED] Action bar implementation which uses the native action bar on Android 4.0+ and a custom implementation on pre-4.0 through a single API and theme.
Java Native Access
Examples and server integrations for generating the Swagger API Specification, which enables easy access to your REST API
Java JsonPath implementation
Continuous Inspection
K-9 Mail – Open Source Email App for Android
Free and open source log management
Apache JMeter
Apache Tomcat
Java DSL for easy testing of REST services
Generate diagrams from textual description
configuration library for JVM languages using HOCON files
Android Unit Testing Framework
Simple OAuth library for Java
Demonstrates the features of the Spring MVC web framework
A tool for mocking HTTP services
Hibernate's core Object/Relational Mapping functionality
jOOQ is the best way to write SQL in Java
Joda-Time is the widely used replacement for the Java date and time classes prior to Java SE 8.
Gephi - The Open Graph Viz Platform
A scalable, distributed Time Series Database.
Google Go language IDE built using the IntelliJ Platform
Support for adding OAuth1(a) and OAuth2 features (consumer and provider) for Spring web applications.
[DEPRECATED] Android library for using the Honeycomb animation API on all versions of the platform back to 1.0!
Drools is a rule engine, DMN engine and complex event processing (CEP) engine for Java.
Open Source Web Crawler for Java
Java 1-15 Parser and Abstract Syntax Tree for Java, including preview features to Java 13
A TextView that automatically resizes text to fit perfectly within its bounds.
A reference implementation of a JSON package in Java.
Yahoo! Cloud Serving Benchmark
Fork of tagtraum industries' GCViewer. Tagtraum stopped development in 2008, I aim to improve support for Sun's / Oracle's java 1.6+ garbage collector logs (including G1 collector)
RStudio is an integrated development environment (IDE) for R
Unified Queries for Java
JSqlParser parses an SQL statement and translate it into a hierarchy of Java classes. The generated hierarchy can be navigated using the Visitor Pattern
Brings the popular ruby faker gem to Java
Eclipse Jetty® - Web Container & Clients - supports HTTP/2, HTTP/1.1, HTTP/1.0, websocket, servlets, and more
Terasology - open source voxel world
Java HTTP Request Library
Main Liquibase Source
The Enterprise-ready testing and specification framework.
Benchmark comparing serialization libraries on the JVM 
OsmAnd
Free Android 2D OpenGL Game Engine
General data-binding package for Jackson (2.x): works on streaming API (core) implementation(s)
[DEPRECATED] A simple way to "badge" any given Android view at runtime without having to cater for it in layout
Awaitility is a small Java DSL for synchronizing asynchronous operations
A high performance scripting language hosted on the JVM.
Angry IP Scanner - fast and friendly network scanner
WildFly Application Server
Framework for Evolutionary Event-Driven Microservices on the JVM
A VT-100 terminal emulator for the Android OS
Official GeoServer repository
Android Graph Library for creating zoomable and scrollable line and bar graphs.
Insanely easy way to work with Android Database.  
Code from the book "Algorithms" (4th ed.) by Robert Sedgewick and Kevin Wayne (original, and my solutions to exercises).
GreenDroid is a development library for the Android platform. It makes UI developments easier and consistent through your applications.
AI constraint solver in Java to optimize the vehicle routing problem, employee rostering, task assignment, maintenance scheduling, conference scheduling and other planning problems.
 jOOR - Fluent Reflection in Java jOOR is a very simple fluent API that gives access to your Java Class structures in a more intuitive way. The JDK's reflection APIs are hard and verbose to use. Other languages have much simpler constructs to access type meta information at runtime. Let us make Java reflection better.
Local server for Android's HierarchyViewer
DEPRECATED This project aims to provide a reusable pull to refresh widget for Android.
Android SQLite API based on SQLCipher
Nutz -- Web Framework(Mvc/Ioc/Aop/Dao/Json) for ALL Java developer
🗺️ Minecraft map editor and mod
Cucumber for the JVM
Fluent assertions for Java and Android
Simplifies the development of creating a JPA-based data access layer. 
Unirest in Java: Simplified, lightweight HTTP client library.
Mirror of Apache Flume
Stream summarizer and cardinality estimator.
Heritrix is the Internet Archive's open-source, extensible, web-scale, archival-quality web crawler project.  
Experimental optical character recognition app
The Minecraft Mod API
Android OpenGL ES 2.0/3.0 Engine
An Android helper class to manage database creation and version management using an application's raw asset files
ZooKeeper client wrapper and rich ZooKeeper framework
ssh, scp and sftp for java
